Add faq content (#333)
design-tokens/community-group: www/src/pages/faq.md

- [Superposition](https://www.superposition.design)
- [Supernova](https://www.supernova.ion)
- [Terrazzo](https://www.terrazzo.app)
- [Toolabs](https://www.toolabs.com)
- [TokensBrücke](https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/1254538877056388290)
- [Tokens Studio](https://www.tokens.studio)
- [Universal Design Tokens](https://www.github.com/universal-design-tokens/udt)
- [Zeplin](https://www.zeplin.io)
- [zeroheight](https://www.zeroheight.com)

## How does this relate to other token approaches?

The Design Tokens Community Group specification relates to other token approaches as a standardization layer that unifies previously fragmented, tool-specific formats. It provides:

- **Canonical syntax** replacing incompatible proprietary formats
- **Interoperability foundation** enabling cross-tool workflows
- **Validation framework** ensuring format consistency
- **Extension mechanism** preserving tool-specific capabilities

The specification **complements rather than replaces** token methodologies and architectural patterns developed by production design systems. It defines the format for token exchange while leaving organizational strategy to design system teams.

> As of 2025, the specification approaches v1.0.0 release with growing adoption across major design tools and transformation pipelines. Teams should evaluate DTCG migration based on interoperability requirements, tooling support, and long-term maintenance considerations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of 2025, the specification approaches 2025.10 release with growing adoption across major design tools and transformation pipelines. Teams should evaluate DTCG migration based on interoperability requirements, tooling support, and long-term maintenance considerations.
```
